Update sns.card.md (#698)
dfinity/portal: how-it-works/5_governance/sns.card.md

# Service Nervous System (SNS)

> Similarly to how the Internet Computer (IC) is controlled by the Network Nervous System, an individual application on the IC (called *dapp*) can be controlled by a decentralized community. The Internet Computer’s built-in solution to *tokenize* and *decentralize* a dapp is called the Service Nervous System (SNS). In the process of creating an SNS, new tokens are minted and sold in a community-based fundraising. The dapp’s control is handed over to the SNS and everyone who has SNS tokens can contribute to decisions on how the dapp evolves going forward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to how the Internet Computer (IC) is controlled by the Network Nervous System, an individual application on the IC (called *dapp*) can be controlled by a decentralized community. The Internet Computer’s built-in solution for a DAO (decentralized autonomous organization) that *tokenizes* and *decentralizes* a dapp is called the Service Nervous System (SNS). In the process of creating an SNS, new tokens are minted and sold in a community-based fundraising. The dapp’s control is handed over to the SNS and everyone who has SNS tokens can contribute to decisions on how the dapp evolves going forward. 
```

This allows distributing the power and ownership of the dapp over a number of parties, thereby eliminating single points of failure and gaining censorship resistance. Moreover, the newly created tokens can be used to create incentives to foster user adoption and participation.

> [Go deeper](/how-it-works/sns/](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/tokenomics/sns/sns-intro-tokens/)

Reviewer: If I go to the preview, this link doesn't work for me. Do you have the same @bjoernek ?

Author: Yes, I have the same (and the same also applies to previews for existing cards). So I assume that we should be fine.

Author: @sesi200 : Could you kindly confirm that using including the following like also looks fine for you ?
[Go deeper](/docs/current/tokenomics/sns/sns-intro-tokens/)

Reviewer 2: yep, looks good
